feat(styles, documentation): add application header (#7758)
swisspost/design-system: apps/documentation/src/stories/components/header/header.docs.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Global navigation** (Yellow Background): provides navigation links and information that are global to the entire organization.
2. **Local navigation** (White Background): displays navigation links and information specific to the current application.
```

Could be other better terms but I think it'd be good to remove this "Application header" here as well as calling the header parts "Header", otherwise it'll get too confusing.

<Canvas sourceState="shown" of={HeaderStories.OnePagerH1} inline="false" />

### Application

> The Application header is a header variant intended for internal applications. It uses the `appearance: compact` configuration and is distinguished by the absence of any content in its global (yellow) part except from the Logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Application header is a header variant intended for internal applications. It uses the `appearance: compact` styles bundle and is distinguished by the absence of any content in its global (yellow) part except from the Logo.
```

Maybe a link to the bundle details would also be useful: https://next.design-system.post.ch/?path=/docs/e53e2de8-0bbf-4f70-babc-074c5466f700--docs#available-bundles
